*********************************
JIGSAW 0.53 README, January 2014
*********************************

http://www.cc.gatech.edu/gvu/ii/jigsaw

This is a quick overview of the Jigsaw system that you have just
downloaded.  Please follow the steps below and you should be running
the system very quickly.

IMPORTANT NOTE:  You must have Java on your machine to run Jigsaw.

1. Take a look at the included tutorial document for Jigsaw
(tutorial-jigsaw.pdf).  In particular, you should read the first few
pages which are sections 0 "Overview" and 1 "Getting Started" for tips
about configuring the system, potential Java issues, and how to run
the system properly.  The rest of the tutorial provides more detail
and guidance about using Jigsaw on your data and it should be helpful
once you start using the system further.  This tutorial is also
available in HTML online at
http://www.cc.gatech.edu/gvu/ii/jigsaw/tutorial/manual. 

2. We also have placed a set of tutorial videos on our website at
http://www.cc.gatech.edu/gvu/ii/jigsaw/tutorial.  These videos explain
how to get started, how to import docs, how to work with entities, how
to use the different views, etc.  The "System Requirements" video in
particular is helpful for getting the system set up on your machine.
We strongly recommend you watch some of these to help get started.
Also embedded on the top Jigsaw home page are some scenario videos
too.

3. Go ahead and start running Jigsaw by following the directions in
Section 1 of the tutorial.  Note that a few sample document collections are
included (as Jigsaw-formatted .jig datafiles) in the distribution as
well.  

A real key to using Jigsaw is to have documents that are a good match
for it.  If you have a collection of relatively small (say up to a
page or two) documents in some text format (txt, doc, pdf, xml), then
that's a great match.  Also, if you have spreadsheets where each row
is an "incident/transaction/event" and one of the columns is a plain
text field describing it (and maybe the other columns provide other
items of interest), that's a real good match too.  We continue to find
that the data import phase is one of the trickiest aspects -- we're
happy to discuss this with you to figure out the best strategies for
your particular data.

Another thing that throws off many people at first is that the
majority of views in Jigsaw begin empty.  That's OK and is actually
what should happen, i.e., you need to do some initial search query or
particular action (such as "Add all" in List View) in order to get
things started.

Jigsaw's not a simple little system and it can take a little work to
get it running (you must have java on your machine, you need enough
RAM, there is a bit of a learning curve, etc.) but we've found that
with a little perseverance, these things can be overcome.  We would be
happy to work with you on getting the system set up, providing any help or
advice you might need.  Please direct questions or inquiries to John
Stasko via stasko@cc.gatech.edu.
